The paper studies pumping-induced transient drawdown in a finite
The new formulation is intentionally general enough that previously
Dimensionless variables s D, j, r, s, q, q1, and qR together with the
Radial ordinary differential equations and transformed boundary and
Laplace-domain drawdown expressions for the skin and formation zones
Transient time-domain drawdown series for the two zones under the CHT
Steady-state drawdown expressions for the skin and formation zones in
Constant-head inner-boundary specialization with k2 equal to zero
Constant-rate inner-boundary specialization with k1 equal to zero
Fixed-head outer-boundary specialization
Impervious no-flow outer-boundary specialization
Dimensionless wellbore flow-rate expressions for CHT in transient and
Normalized response curves for j, j0, r, q1, and qR
In the original finite radial two-zone aquifer, the outer-boundary